Hi guys, the answer to this question it's it is very tough to make a game by your own, to make game solo, but it's not impossible. You know what I think that new meta is for for solo developers. And listen to me carefully. It's very good advice. The new meta is to find like a wife or husband that knows something about let's let's say 3D or something about programming and put them to work. I'm just kidding, not put them to work, but make work with them, make game together. Think about it. I've been thinking about it going in couple of months. And it is great advice for real world. And don't do not say that I did not give you any good advice. Imagine how good will that be. Like you come home with work and say like, "Honey, did you make that sword?" And you check on that sword for your player and say, "Honey, I think you need a sword need a more blood on it. It will be so funny, you know. And it will be great way to break from the standard wild loop of relationship, you know. I will be working on this building and talking. I don't know, I just feel like talking. So stay with me. So why why we do not just have somebody else, some other people and work with them? And that that is I tried it and it's very hard. And we have like couple of issues. And one of the problems is that you cannot pay other people. And that means that you cannot you cannot tell them what to do and how fast to do it. You know, that's the big issue for me. And what's the other problem for me with other people? When I work, I sit down, make things, and make them work immediately. I cannot wait for somebody else. So let's say I want to make some some other models. Some other people to make me 3D model. And you need to wait for them like a 1 month 1 month or 2 weeks to make some simple model that I can make in like a in 1 day and put it in in game and make it work. Then I ask myself, why do I need that other person? You know, and you do not pay them. You cannot ask them to and you cannot offer hurry them, you know? That's that's the other issue working with other people. And it is very hard to find some people that you can trust and rely on it, you know? Some person will tell you, "I will work on games with you." And then after like 2 or 3 months, he will give up. And you will be left alone. And then in future, he or she can claim that um can claim copyrights on your game, you know? He can give you a nightmares. He can say, "I helped you build like 10% of the game. So, give me 50% of your intellectual prop- properties, you know?" And if you put your game on Steam and somebody claim claim copyrights, then your your game will be banned for like 60 days or something like that. It's just a nightmare. This is just some house that I'm working on. It's like modular house from modular parts. It's not like masterpiece of modular parts. It's it's very simple. But it's have like 10 texture density. It's very good quality. And when you see this like white background in a real, that means that this house is like pack level actor. So, every single wall every single piece is like instance for itself, you know? And I'm using LODs for this building, too. I like this tool pack level actor and that is something that I missed in Godot. In Godot, you don't have tools like this, you know. You cannot make Godot make you like auto instances, and you just put like model of building like this. So, I really it's great. And if you want to work alone on your game and spend zero bucks on it, it takes a lot of time. Why am I saying that? Because you see this is like model of building, and this building it's made from parts, and I I mean it took me weeks weeks to make everything. I make like 30 pieces, and you need to alone make every single piece, and you need to fit them together, and you need to unwrap 30 pieces. That takes time. Then you need like this these boards. It's like custom textures. You need to make the the textures. Then you need to import 30 pieces in engine. [clears throat] That That is just just 30 pieces. What if you have like 100? And then you need then you need to make 30 materials and combine everything with your pieces to make collision for everything, to make LODs for everything. That's like grinding so grinding so grinding. If you want to spend money, you will have in Blender like some add-ons that that will let you export like every single piece together, and every everything takes money. Idea of this video is how to make a game with with zero bucks, so it is very hard very hard. And because it is very hard and takes a lot of time to build game solo. I want to speak about topic that is very popular. It's like AI. And because of that, people are hoping that AI will help you like speed things up, you know. Can I fool if I say that I do not care. I do not care about AI and make me like faster because I enjoy this and I will never never never use AI for like an art in my game if it's like make me faster like 10 years. I I do not care. I think AI I just do not have a soul and I just do not get why how people are letting AI use their let letting AI access to their source code. I cannot believe it. I mean I get it. People that are doing that are not making games. They are making like um making websites and I done that. I work in JavaScript and I get it because like making websites it's very it's very I do not want to offend anything but anybody but it's it's very boring. It's not like a making game programming. Making games is fun but making website is boring and that I'm seeing on internet people that are posting things about AI how they spend money on AI they are making websites because if you never work in the in JavaScript to make make some website and you you make like code for button and you in JavaScript you make loop that will run three times and make like three buttons. It is so boring and that I get for website it's okay if you want it but for game I do not know if ever I will let some other person to my to change my source code for game, you know? Because I'm very particular with my code and how I like things to be done. Every programmer have like a is like artist have their own style of coding, you know? I use AI but I use AI for for learning, you know. And I start starting first first time ever make UI elements. It's like widget in Unreal. I do not I did not know how you can connect things object in in widgets with code, you know, with C++. And then I ask AI how you connect it and then I learn. So, I'm using AI just for learning, basically for code how you can connect a then I learn you need to have the same same name in your widget or the object and same name in in code and you just use your property and bind widget. And then I learn that that thing is enough for me. So, I'm using AI just for learning code, you know. And that's the great thing and that that's the thing that I think that's AI is great, you know. I do not want to bore you, you know, how I like how I like to write code. Nobody want to listen to that. But AI or I don't know some other person, it's not it's not in my taste, you know. And when I look when I look on internet, you know, there's like 100 posts like people want to be smarter than you like making functions with one letter name and variables with one letter and I I don't think they know what they are doing what the that function is doing. And if somebody write in my my source code that code like with variables with one name and functions with one name, I will I will fire them, you know, immediately. I for me it's like better to name your functions with sentence. This it's better to name functions like this function works this and this. This and that. That is better than some complicated stuff that nobody can you know, they just want to be smarter than you, you know, nobody codes like that. At least I do not code like that. So, when I code, I like to think about myself in the future, you know, that that is how I code. I think about myself in future. Will will I have a hard time to to remember what this do. More about AI code. Just copy-paste AI code because that is like real life coding just copy-pasting pasting AI code. I type every single word of my code. And I know every single thing in my in my source code and that's that that will help if you know that that will help you that will help you enormously in future. I know every single part of my code and I can find bugs in like 5 minutes. Did did [snorts] you saw like what they are doing with Unity and AI in Unity? I mean I I get it in future it will be I think it will be I it will be good for the people who want to make quick cash grab, not games with soul, but like cash grab to make like gaming like months and AI do everything today and make some money, you know. But money it's it's not like my my first uh So, this cannot go here, can it? I just do not care about AI stuff. I I want to learn C. I want to learn assembly, why not? I want to learn how machine works. And that that's the more important thing, knowledge. And if I make just uh one game in my life, so be it. I do not care if somebody makes like thousands. I If I just finish one game, but I want for that game to have like soul because everybody is different and true art you are transferring your soul into your your art, your paintings, your music, and your games. I think this will be everything for this video. Please leave comment, like, and subscribe. Thank you.